Add pre-commit hook #346 (#347)
PyCQA/pydocstyle: docs/snippets/pre_commit.rst

> **pydocstyle** can be included as a hook for `pre-commit`_.  The easiest way to get

Reviewer: Link to pre-commit?

Reviewer 2: It's a named reference. It will be resolved into a link if sphinx know how to resolve it (e.g. via intersphinx from the other sphinx site or any other way), otherwise it'll be rendered as a plain text.

> started is to add this configuration to your ``.pre-commit-config.yaml``:

Reviewer: What does the trailing underscore do?

.. code-block:: yaml

    -   repo: https://github.com/pycqa/pydocstyle

>         rev: ''  # pick a git hash / tag to point to

Reviewer: Provide an example in the comment - "e.g., 3.0.0"?

>         rev: 3.0.0  # pick a git hash / tag to point to

Reviewer 3: so there's a few potential problems with this, I would have left it how you had before 🤷‍♂️ 

1. `3.0.0` is a tag that doesn't exist in this repo
2. if you pick one that does exist (`2.0.0` for example) it will either be out of date when a new release happens, or will need to be updated as the project releases.

Author: Good point.
We can make it dynamic, I came up with 2 options
1. We can update bump version to cover the `rst` file

2. We can use `parsed-literal`
```suggestion
.. parsed-literal::

    -   repo: https://github.com/pycqa/pydocstyle
        rev: \ |version| \  # pick a git hash / tag to point to
        hooks:
        -   id: pydocstyle
```
However it won't get rendered with highlighting as usual code block.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7480694/49342498-711dc280-f65c-11e8-8661-c16492b529d7.png)

Author: in case with problems with styling, there is a suggested workaround: 
`https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/issues/3306`

Author: @Nurdok Could you please let me know if you like the solution?

Reviewer: @1oglop1 thanks for pinging me, sorry.

Using `|version|` seems fine to me.

Author: @Nurdok Thanks for prompt response, please review the update.

Reviewer: @1oglop1 LGTM, but repeating comment on the main thread: can you please point to a rendered version of the docs? e.g., create a readthedocs project for your fork or something like that.

I just want to take a look to see the rendering here look okay in practice, and I'll merge.

**pydocstyle** can be included as a hook for `pre-commit`_.  The easiest way to get
started is to add this configuration to your ``.pre-commit-config.yaml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

    -   repo: https://github.com/pycqa/pydocstyle
        rev: ''  # pick a git hash / tag to point to
        hooks:
        -   id: pydocstyle

See the `pre-commit docs`_ for how to customize this configuration.

Checked-in python files will be passed as positional arguments so no need to use ``--match=*.py``.
You can also use command line arguments instead of configuration files
to achieve the same effect with less files.

.. code-block:: yaml

    - id: pydocstyle
      args:
      - --ignore=D100,D203,D405
      # or multiline
      - |-
              --select=
              D101,

>               D2

Reviewer 3: I'd drop this second half (from line 12 onwards) -- the configuration file is a better place to configure this than with `args:`

Author: I prefer less configuration files though if I could have all in one.

Author: but yeah no prob ;) the first part is straight forward
